 Summary FAQ:  What does the calorie defcit mean? The calorie deficit is estimated how many net calories you will have burned that day if you follow the diet plan. This number should be negative.

The calorie deficit is estimated how many net calories you will have burned that day if you follow the diet plan. This number should be negative. My bodyfat does not change even when I change my weight? Check to ensure that Bodyfat Override is not select in the Profile Tab under Settings. The bodyfat percent calculataion seems incorrect? It is hard to have a one-size-fits-all calculation for bodyfat percent.  You can easily override the calculation by going to the Profile Tab under Settings and selecting Bodyfat Override.  This will allow you to enter your own bodyfat percent. Why can't I pick older weeks to change? You can update last week as needed. The Summary screen displays past seven days and next seven days. You can still track foods before and after that week in the Add Food screen. Add Food FAQ:  Why is my Calories Goal different from one day to the next? The formulas of Bodybuilding Diet App leverage carb cycling and as your macros change, the total calories will fluctuate. How do I add my own custom food? Go to the DailyDiet screen, click a meal, Show Filters, then Add Your Own Custom Food. How do I copy foods over to make frequent meals easier to track? If you eat something often, like for example Steak, Green Beans, and Carrots in the same meal -- its easiest to create a Custom Food and call it Steak Meal. To create, select a meal, and then click Show Filters in upper right. Put the combined nutrition values for that meal into Custom Food. Macros FAQ:  Why do my Macros look the same each week? They will adjust based on your bodyfat percentage and how close you are to your Goal Date.  The closer you are to your goal date, the more aggressive the Macro change will be. Can I change my carb cycle each day? The App configures your carb cycle for you.  You can see the carb cycle in the Macros screen.  If you are looking to customize, you can upgrade to Premium and use the Custom Macros feature. Why is my protein so high, I thought 1 gram per pound daily was sufficient? Research shows that 1 gram per pound of bodyweight is sufficient for muscle building, but not for fat loss.  Bodybuilding Diet App is designed to help you get leaner AND build muscle at same time. Insights FAQ:  Should my calorie deficit be negative? Yes, at least most of the time until you get lean enough where Bodybuilding Diet App has helped you get to goal body composition. What is the target bodyfat percent for each goal? Competition: 5-7%, Event: 8-10%, Improve: 11-13%